New idea of, of, of designing. I mean, when,
when you have this idea about improving planes,
are you going to bring this to somebody and you just, Chuck.
I have a lot on my plate.
Right? This what I'm saying? I don't know.
I don't know how you do what you do now, but if you keep coming up with these,
but it's gotta be hard to pawn these off on someone else either. Hey, Hey,
go do a job,
a good job with this vertical takeoff and landing system that I want
to implement to regular planes.
The airplane electric airplane isn't necessary right now,
electric cars are important and we saw energy is important.
Stationary storage of energy is important.
These things are much more important than creating electric supersonic. Vitol
also, uh, the planes naturally.
You really want that gravitational energy density for an aircraft. Um,
and this is improving over time. So, you know, it's,
it's important that we accelerate the transition to sustainable energy.
That's why electric cars.
It matters whether electric cars happen sooner or later, you know, we're,
we're really playing the crazy game here with the
atmosphere and the oceans.
We're taking vast amounts of carbon from deep underground and putting this,
putting this knee in the, in the atmosphere, this is crazy.
We should not do this. It's very dangerous.
So we should, we should,
we should accelerate the transition to sustainable energy.
I mean, the,
the bizarre thing is that obviously we're going to run out of oil in
longterm. You know, we're going to, there's only so much oil. We can,
we can mine it burn it's total logical.
We must have to S sustainable energy transport and energy infrastructure in the
longterm. So we know that's the end point. We know that.
So why run this crazy experiment where we take trillions of tons of carbon
from underground and put it in the atmosphere on oceans.
This is an insane experiment. It's the dumbest experiment in human history.
Why are we doing this? It's crazy.
Do you think this is a product of momentum that we started off doing this when
it was just a few engines,
a few hundred million gallons of fuel over the whole world,
not that big of a deal, and then slowly but surely over a century,
it got out of control. And now it, it, it's not just our fuel,
but it's also the, I mean,
if fossil fuels are involved in so many different electronics,
so many different items that people buy,
it's just this constant desire for fossil fuels, constant need for oil,
without consideration of the system.
The ability, the things like oil, oil, coal gas, let's see easy money,
right? It's easy money. So.
Have you about clean.
Coal? The president's been tweeting about it. It's gotta be real clean coal,
all caps. Did you see used all caps, clean coal?
Um, well, you know,
it's very difficult to put that CO2 back in the ground.
It doesn't like being in solid form. Have you.
Like that?
Like some sort of a filter giant building sized filter sucks carbon out of the
atmosphere?
No, no, no. He, doesn't not possible. No. Nope, Nope, no, Nope. Definitely not.
No, we're not.
I mean, this is a quite a complex question, right. You know,
we're really just when the,
the more carbon we take out of the ground and add to the atmosphere and a lot of
it gets permeated into the oceans. The more dangerous it is. Like,
I don't think right now,
I think we're okay right now we can probably even add some more,
but the momentum towards sustainable energy is too slow.
Like that. There's a vast base of industry,
vast transportation system,
like this there's two and a half billion cars and trucks in the world. So,
and the new car and truck production, if it was a hundred percent electric,
that's only about a hundred million per year. So it would take,
if you could snap your fingers and it's instantly turn all
old cars and trucks electric,
it would still take 25 years to change the transport base to electric.
Makes sense,
because how long does it truck car truck last before it goes into the junkyard
and gets crushed about 20 to 25 years.
Is there a way to accelerate that process,
like some sort of subsidies or some encouragement from the government
financially?
Well, the,
the thing that is going on right now is that there is an inherent subsidy in any
oil burning device. Any,
any power plant or car is fundamentally, uh,
consuming the carbon capacity of the oceans and atmosphere,
or just say atmosphere for short. Um, so like you can say, okay,
there's a certain probability of something
bad happening past a certain carbon concentration in the atmosphere.
And so there's some uncertain number where if we put too
much carbon in the atmosphere, things overheat,
oceans, warm up ice caps,
melt ocean real estate becomes a lot less valuable
underwater. And, and, but it's not clear what that number is,
but it's definitely a scientist would all it's really quite the scientists
scientific consensus is overwhelming. Um,
overwhelming, I mean, I don't know any serious scientists, actually zero,
literally zero who don't think that,
you know that,
but we have quite a serious climate risk that we're facing.
And so
that's fundamentally a subsidy occurring with every
fossil fuel burning thing, power plants,
aircraft car, frankly, even rockets. I mean, rockets use, uh,
you know, they burn, they burn fuel, but there's just, you know, with rockets,
there's just no other way to get to orbit, unfortunately.
So it's the only way, but with cars,
there's definitely a better way with electric cars and to
generate the energy do so with photovoltaics, because we've got a giant.
Then when you clear reactor in the sky called the sun,
it's great sort of shows up every day, very reliable.
So if you can generate energy from solar panels stored with batteries,
you can have energy 24 hours a day. Um,
and then you can, you know, consent to the polls,
ordinate near to the north, uh, with, uh, you know, high voltage lines.
Also the north Northern,
Northern PA parts of the world tend to have a lot of hydropower as well.
Um, but anyway, all, all fossil fuel power things have an inherent subsidy,
which is their consumption of the carbon capacity of the atmosphere and oceans.
So people tend to think of like, why,
why should electric vehicles have a subsidy,
but they're not taking into account.
That's all fossil fuel burning vehicles
fundamentally are subsidized by the cost,
the environmental cost to earth,
but nobody's paying for it. We are going to pay for it, obviously in the future,
we will pay for it. It's just not paid for now.
And what is the bottleneck in regards to electric cars and trucks and things
like that? Is it battery capacity?
Yeah. I've got to scale up production, got to make the car compelling,
make it better than gasoline or diesel cars.
Make it more efficient in terms of like the distance it can travel.
You've got to be able to go.
Far out far enough recharge fast, your Roadster.
You're anticipating 600 miles. Is that correct?
Yeah. Yeah. We, what does, what does that.
Sound right now? Like if you driven one, 600 miles now.
No, we can totally make one right now. That would be 600 miles,
but the thing is too expensive. So it's like the car is better,
more so Well, you know,
it's just have a 200 kilowatt hour pack battery pack and you can go 600 miles.
What do you have now?
330 Mile range. So that's plenty.
What does that in terms of kilowatts?
Well, that would be for a model S a hundred kilowatt hour pack.
We'll do about 330 miles, maybe 3 35,
or some people have hyper milder to 500 miles.
Hyper mild it.
What does it go on.
45 Miles an hour or something.
Like 30 miles an hour. So it was like an on level ground with a pump,
the tires up really well.
I'd go on a smooth surface and then you can go for a long time. Um,
but like definitely comfortably do 300 miles zero.
This is fine for most people. Uh, usually 200 or 250 miles is fine.
300 miles is you don't even think about it.
It really, is there any possibility that you could use solar power,
solar powered one day, especially in Los Angeles. I mean,
as you said about that giant nuclear reactor, a million times bigger than earth,
just floating in the sky.
Is it possible that one day you'll be able to just power all these cars just on
solar power? I mean, we don't ever have cloudy days if we do this three of them.
Well, the surface area of a car is
without making the car like really blocky, um, or having some like a G wagon.
Yeah. Like, and just like having to look a lot of surf Sarah, where like,
maybe like solar panels fold out or something like your E-Class.
That's what we needed. The type. Yeah. That the,
a Jaguar E type with a giant long hood that could be a giant solar panel.
What the beginning of Tesla,
I did want to have this like unfolding solar panel thing. They'd press a button.
And it would just like unfold. These solar panels. I'm like charge,
recharge your car in the parking lot. Ah, yeah, we could do that,
but I think it's probably better to just put that on your roof. Right.
And then it's going to be facing the sun all the time,
because otherwise your car could be in the shade. It could be in the shade.
It could be in a garage or something like that. Yeah.